Update docs with tutorials and how-to sections (#569)
xnd-project/rbc: doc/tutorials.md

# RBC tutorials

> Different from how to guides, tutorials are longer and cover a broader set of
> features available in the RBC project. These tutorials are usually jupyter
> notebooks available in the `notebooks` repo and rendered here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike how-to guides, tutorials are longer and cover a broader set of
features available in the RBC project. These tutorials are usually jupyter
notebooks available in the `notebooks` repo and rendered here.
```
